Add tutorial: NFT Minter tutorial (#4282)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/tutorials/nft-minter/index.md

---
title: NFT Minter Tutorial
description: In this tutorial, you’ll build an NFT minter and learn how to create a full stack dApp by connecting your smart contract to a React frontend using Metamask and Web3 tools.
author: "nstrike2"
tags:
  [
    "solidity",
    "NFT",
    "minter",
    "alchemy",
    "smart contracts",
    "frontend",
    "UI",
    "wallet",
    "Pinata",
  ]
skill: intermediate
lang: en
sidebar: true
published: 2021-10-06
---

> # 📝 NFT Minter Tutorial: How to Create a Full Stack DApp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

One of the greatest challenges for developers coming from a Web2 background is figuring out how to connect your smart contact to a frontend project and interact with it.

By building an NFT minter — a simple UI where you can input a link to your digital asset, a title,  and a description — you'll learn how to:

> * Connect to Metamask via your frontend project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Connect to Metamask via your frontend project
```

> * Call smart contract methods from your frontend
> * Sign transactions using Metamask

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Call smart contract methods from your frontend
- Sign transactions using Metamask
```

In this tutorial, we will be using [React](https://reactjs.org/) as our frontend framework. Because this tutorial is primarily focused on Web3 development, we won't be spending much time breaking down React fundamentals. Instead, we'll be focusing on bringing functionality to our project.

As a prerequisite, you should have a beginner-level understanding of React—know how components, props, useState/useEffect, and basic function calling works. If you've never heard of any of those terms before, you may want to check out this [Intro to React tutorial](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html). For the more visual learners, we highly recommend this excellent [Full Modern React Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gZD-Tvwfod2gaISzfRiP9d) video series by Net Ninja.

And if you haven't already, you'll definitely need an Alchemy account to complete this tutorial as well as build anything on the blockchain. Sign up for a free account [here](https://alchemy.com/)!

Without further ado, let's get started!

> ## Step 0: Making NFTs 101 {#making-nfts-101}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Making NFTs 101 {#making-nfts-101}
```

Before we even start looking at any code, it's important to understand how making an NFT works. It involves two steps:

> ### 1\) You publish an NFT smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain. Usually this is an [ERC-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721) or [ERC-1155](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155) smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Publish an NFT smart contract on the Ethereum blockchain {#publish-nft}
```

The biggest difference between the two NFT smart contact standards is that ERC-1155 is a multi-token standard and includes batch functionality, whereas with the ERC-721 is a single-token standard and therefore only supports transferring one token at a time.

> ### 2\) You call the minting function on that NFT smart contract to mint the NFT. _Minting_ is simply the act of publishing a unique instance of your non fungible token on the blockchain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Call the minting function {#minting-function}
```

Usually, this minting function requires you to pass in two variables as parameters, first the `recipient`, which specifies the address that will receive your freshly minted NFT, and second the NFT's `tokenURI`, a string that resolves to a JSON document describing the NFT's metadata. 

An NFT's metadata is really what brings it to life, allowing it to have properties, such as a name, description, image \(or different digital asset\), and other attributes. Here's [an example of a tokenURI](https://gateway.pinata.cloud/ipfs/QmSvBcb4tjdFpajGJhbFAWeK3JAxCdNQLQtr6ZdiSi42V2), which contains an NFT's metadata.

In this tutorial, we're going to focus on part 2, calling an existing NFT's smart contract minting function using our React UI. 

[Here's a link](https://ropsten.etherscan.io/address/0x4C4a07F737Bf57F6632B6CAB089B78f62385aCaE) to the ERC-721 NFT smart contract we will be calling in this tutorial. If you'd like to learn how we made it, we highly recommend that you check out our other tutorial, ["How to Create an NFT"](https://docs.alchemyapi.io/alchemy/tutorials/how-to-create-an-nft).

Cool, now that we understand how making an NFT works, let's clone our starter files!

> ## Step 1: Clone the starter files {#clone-the-starter-files}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Clone the starter files {#clone-the-starter-files}
```

First, go to the [nft-minter-tutorial GitHub repository](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/nft-minter-tutorial) to get the starter files for this project. Clone this repository into your local environment.=

When you open this cloned `nft-minter-tutorial` repository, you'll notice that it contains two folders: `minter-starter-files` and `nft-minter`.

> * `minter-starter-files` contains the starter files \(essentially the React UI\) for this project. In this tutorial, **we will be working in this directory**, as you learn how to bring this UI to life by connecting it to your Ethereum wallet and an NFT smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `minter-starter-files` contains the starter files (essentially the React UI) for this project. In this tutorial, **we will be working in this directory**, as you learn how to bring this UI to life by connecting it to your Ethereum wallet and an NFT smart contract.
```

* `nft-minter` contains the entire completed tutorial and is there for you as a **reference** **if you get stuck.**

> Next open your copy of `minter-starter-files` in to your favorite code editor \(at Alchemy, we we're big fans of [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)\), and then navigate into your `src` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, open your copy of `minter-starter-files` in your code editor, and then navigate into your `src` folder.
```

All of the code we'll write will live under the `src` folder. We'll be editing the `Minter.js` component and writing additional javascript files to give our project Web3 functionality.

## Step 2: Check out our starter files {#step-2-check-out-our-starter-files}

Before we start coding, it's important to check out what's already provided for us in the starter files.

### Get your react project running

Let's start by running the React project in our browser. The beauty of React is that once we have our project running in our browser, any changes we save will be updated live in our browser.

To get the project running, navigate to the root directory of the `minter-starter-files` folder, and the run `npm install` in your terminal to install the dependencies of the project:

```bash
cd minter-starter-files
npm install
```

Once those have finished installing,  run `npm start` in your terminal:

```bash
npm start
```

> Doing so should open [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) in your browser, where you'll see the frontend for our project. It should consist of 3 fields: a place to input a link to your NFT's asset, enter the name of your NFT, and provide a description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so should open http://localhost:3000/ in your browser, where you'll see the frontend for our project. It should consist of 3 fields: a place to input a link to your NFT's asset, enter the name of your NFT, and provide a description.
```

If you try clicking "Connect Wallet" or "Mint NFT" buttons, you'll notice they don't work—that's because we still need to program their functionality! :\)

> ### The `Minter.js` component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The Minter.js component {#minter-js}
```

        <input
          type="text"
          placeholder="e.g. https://gateway.pinata.cloud/ipfs/<hash>"
          onChange={(event) => setURL(event.target.value)}
        />
        <h2>🤔 Name: </h2>
        <input
          type="text"
          placeholder="e.g. My first NFT!"
          onChange={(event) => setName(event.target.value)}
        />
        <h2>✍️ Description: </h2>
        <input
          type="text"
          placeholder="e.g. Even cooler than cryptokitties ;)"
          onChange={(event) => setDescription(event.target.value)}
        />
      </form>
      <button id="mintButton" onClick={onMintPressed}>
        Mint NFT
      </button>
      <p id="status">
        {status}
      </p>
    </div>
  );
```

Finally, let's address where is this Minter component added.

If you go to the `App.js` file, which is the main component in React that acts as a container for all other components, you'll see that our Minter component is injected on line 7.

**In this tutorial, we'll only be editing the `Minter.js file` and adding files in our `src` folder.** 

Now that we understand what we're working with, let's set up our Ethereum wallet!

> ## Step 3: Set up your Ethereum wallet {#step-3-set-up-your-ethereum-wallet}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##: Set up your Ethereum wallet {#set-up-your-ethereum-wallet}
```

For users to be able to interact with your smart contract they will need to connect their Ethereum wallet to your dApp.  

> ### Download Metamask

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Download Metamask {#download-metamask}
```

> For this tutorial, we’ll use Metamask, a virtual wallet in the browser used to manage your Ethereum account address. If you want to understand more about how transactions on Ethereum work, check out [this page](/developers/docs/transactions/) from the Ethereum foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this tutorial, we’ll use Metamask, a virtual wallet in the browser used to manage your Ethereum account address. If you want to understand more about how transactions on Ethereum work, check out [this page](/developers/docs/transactions/).
```

You can download and create a Metamask account for free [here](https://metamask.io/download.html). When you are creating an account, or if you already have an account, make sure to switch over to the “Ropsten Test Network” in the upper right \(so that we’re not dealing with real money\).

> ### Add ether from a Faucet <a id="step-4-add-ether-from-a-faucet"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Add ether from a Faucet {#add-ether-from-faucet}
```

### Check your balance {#check-your-balance}

To double check our balance is there, let’s make an [eth\_getBalance](https://docs.alchemyapi.io/alchemy/documentation/alchemy-api-reference/json-rpc#eth_getbalance) request using [Alchemy’s composer tool](https://composer.alchemyapi.io/?composer_state=%7B%22network%22%3A0%2C%22methodName%22%3A%22eth_getBalance%22%2C%22paramValues%22%3A%5B%22%22%2C%22latest%22%5D%7D). This will return the amount of Eth in our wallet. After you input your Metamask account address and click “Send Request”, you should see a response like this:

```text
{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "id": 0, "result": "0xde0b6b3a7640000"}
```

**NOTE:** This result is in wei not eth. Wei is used as the smallest denomination of ether. The conversion from wei to eth is: 1 eth = 10¹⁸ wei. So if we convert 0xde0b6b3a7640000 to decimal we get 1\*10¹⁸ which equals 1 eth.

Phew! Our fake money is all there! <Emoji text=":money_mouth_face:" size={1} />

> ## Step 4: Connect Metamask to your UI {#connect-metamask-to-your-UI}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect Metamask to your UI {#connect-metamask-to-your-UI}
```

Now that our Metamask wallet is set up, let's connect our dApp to it!

Because we want to prescribe to the [M-V-C](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93controller) paradigm, we're going to create a separate file that contains our functions to manage the logic, data, and rules of our dApp, and then pass those functions to our frontend \(our Minter.js component\).

> ### The `connectWallet` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The `connectWallet` function {#connect-wallet-function}
```

```javascript
import { useEffect, useState } from "react";
import { connectWallet } from "./utils/interact.js";

const Minter = (props) => {

  //State variables
  const [walletAddress, setWallet] = useState("");
  const [status, setStatus] = useState("");
  const [name, setName] = useState("");
  const [description, setDescription] = useState("");
  const [url, setURL] = useState("");
```

Then, inside our `connectWalletPressed` function, we'll call our imported `connectWallet` function, like so:

```javascript
  const connectWalletPressed = async () => {
    const walletResponse = await connectWallet();
    setStatus(walletResponse.status);
    setWallet(walletResponse.address);
  };
```

Notice how most of our functionality is abstracted away from our `Minter.js` component from the `interact.js` file? This is so we comply with the M-V-C paradigm!

In `connectWalletPressed`, we simply make an await call to our imported `connectWallet` function, and using its response, we update our `status` and `walletAddress` variables via their state hooks.

> Now, let's save both files \(`Minter.js` and `interact.js`\) and test out our UI so far. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, let's save both files `Minter.js` and `interact.js` and test out our UI so far. 
```

> Open your browser on the [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) page, and press the "Connect Wallet" button on the top right of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open your browser on the http://localhost:3000/ page, and press the "Connect Wallet" button on the top right of the page.
```

If you have Metamask installed, you should be prompted to connect your wallet to your dApp. Accept the invitation to connect.

> You should see that the wallet button now reflects that your address is connected! Yasssss 🔥

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should see that the wallet button now reflects that your address is connected.
```

Next, try refreshing the page... this is strange. Our wallet button is prompting us to connect Metamask, even though it is already connected...

Don't worry though! We easily can fix that by implementing a function called `getCurrentWalletConnected`, which will check if an address is already connected to our dApp and update our UI accordingly!  

> ### The `getCurrentWalletConnected` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The getCurrentWalletConnected function {#get-current-wallet}
```

            </a>
          </p>
        </span>
      ),
    };
  }
};
```

This code is _very_ similar to the `connectWallet` function we just wrote earlier.

The main difference is that instead of calling the method `eth_requestAccounts`, which opens Metamask for the user to connect their wallet, here we call the method  `eth_accounts`, which simply returns an array containing the Metamask addresses currently connected to our dApp. 

To see this function in action, let's call it in the `useEffect` function of our `Minter.js` component.

Like we did for `connectWallet`, we must import this function from our `interact.js` file into our `Minter.js` file like so:

```javascript
import { useEffect, useState } from "react";
import {
  connectWallet,
  getCurrentWalletConnected //import here
} from "./utils/interact.js";
```

Now, we simply call it in our `useEffect` function: 

```javascript
useEffect(async () => {
    const {address, status} = await getCurrentWalletConnected();
    setWallet(address)
    setStatus(status); 
}, []);
```

Notice, we use the response of our call to `getCurrentWalletConnected` to update our `walletAddress` and `status` state variables. 

> Once you've added this code, try refreshing our browser window. The button should say that you're connected, and show a preview of your connected wallet's address - even after you refresh! 😅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've added this code, try refreshing our browser window. The button should say that you're connected, and show a preview of your connected wallet's address - even after you refresh! 
```

          browser.
        </a>
      </p>
    );
  }
}
```

Let's quickly break down what's happening here:

* First, our function checks if `window.ethereum` is enabled \(i.e. Metamask is installed\).
  * If it's not, we simply set our `status`  state variable to a JSX string that prompts the user to install Metamask.
  * If it is enabled, we set up the listener `window.ethereum.on("accountsChanged")` on line 3 that listens for state changes in the Metamask wallet, which include when the user connects an additional account to the dApp, switches accounts, or disconnects an account. If there is at least one account connected, the `walletAddress` state variable is updated as the first account in the `accounts` array returned by the listener. Otherwise, `walletAddress` is set as an empty string. 

Finally, we must call it in our `useEffect` function:

```javascript
useEffect(async () => {
    const {address, status} = await getCurrentWalletConnected();
    setWallet(address)
    setStatus(status);
    
    addWalletListener(); 
}, []);
```

And voila! We've  completed programming all of our wallet functionality! Now that our wallet is set up, let's figure out how to mint our NFT!

> ## Step 5: NFT Metadata 101 {#nft-metadata-101}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## NFT Metadata 101 {#nft-metadata-101}
```

So remember the NFT metadata we just talked about in Step 0 of this tutorial—it brings an NFT to life, allowing it to have properties, such as a digital asset, name, description, and other attributes.

We're going to need to configure this metadata as a JSON object and store it, so we can pass it in as the `tokenURI` parameter when calling our smart contract's `mintNFT` function.

The text in the "Link to Asset", "Name", "Description" fields will comprise the different properties of our NFT's metadata. We'll format this metadata as a JSON object, but there are a couple options for where we can store this JSON object:

> * We could store it on the Ethereum blockchain; however, doing so would be SUPER expensive \(we're talking upwards of hundreds of dollars\) due to the nature of Ethereum. ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We could store it on the Ethereum blockchain; however, doing so would be very expensive.
```

> * We could store it on a centralized server, like AWS or Firebase. But that would defeat our decentralization ethos. ❌

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We could store it on a centralized server, like AWS or Firebase. But that would defeat our decentralization ethos.
```

> * We could use IPFS, a decentralized protocol and peer-to-peer network for storing and sharing data in a distributed file system. As this protocol is decentralized and free, it is our best option! ✅

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We could use IPFS, a decentralized protocol and peer-to-peer network for storing and sharing data in a distributed file system. As this protocol is decentralized and free, it is our best option!
```

To store our metadata on IPFS, we will use [Pinata](https://pinata.cloud/), a convenient IPFS API and toolkit. In the next step, we'll explain exactly how to do this!

> ## Step 6: Use Pintata to pin your metadata to IPFS {#step-6-use-pinata-to-pin-your-metadata-to-IPFS}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Pintata to pin your metadata to IPFS {#use-pinata-to-pin-your-metadata-to-IPFS}
```

If you don't have a [Pinata](https://pinata.cloud/) account, sign up for a free account [here](https://pinata.cloud/signup) and complete the steps to verify your email and account.

> ### Create your Pinata API key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create your Pinata API key {#create-pinata-api-key}
```

You'll then be shown a popup with your API info. Make sure to put this somewhere safe.

Now that our key is set up, let's add it to our project so we can use it.

### Create a .env file

We can safely store our Pinata key and secret in an environment file. Let's install the [dotenv package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv) in your project directory. 

Open up a new tab in your terminal \(separate from the one running local host\) and make sure you are in the `minter-starter-files`  folder, then run the following command in your terminal:

```text
npm install dotenv --save
```

Next, create a `.env` file in the root directory of your `minter-starter-files` by entering the following on your command line:

```javascript
vim .env
```

This will pop open your `.env` file in vim \(a text editor\). To save it hit "esc" + ":" + "q" on your keyboard in that order. 

Next, in VSCode, navigate to your `.env` file and add your Pinata API key and API secret to it, like so:

```text
REACT_APP_PINATA_KEY = <pinata-api-key>
REACT_APP_PINATA_SECRET = <pinata-api-secret>
```

Save the file, and then you're ready to start writing the function to upload your JSON metadata to IPFS!

> ### Implement `pinJSONToIPFS` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Implement pinJSONToIPFS {#pin-json-to-ipfs}
```

           };
        })
        .catch(function (error) {
            console.log(error)
            return {
                success: false,
                message: error.message,
            }
           
    });
};
```

So what does this code do exactly?

First, it imports [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios), a promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js, which we will use to make a request to Pinata.

Then we have our asynchronous function `pinJSONToIPFS`, which takes a `JSONBody` as its input and the Pinata api key and secret in its header, all to make a POST request to their `pinJSONToIPFS` API.

* If this POST request is successful, then our function returns a JSON object with the `success` boolean as true and the `pinataUrl` where our metadata was pinned. We will use this `pinataUrl` returned as the `tokenURI` input to our smart contract's mint function.
* If this post request fails, then our function returns a JSON object with the `success` boolean as false and a `message` string that relays our error.

As with our `connectWallet`function return types, we're returning JSON objects so we can use  their parameters to update our state variables and UI.

> ## Step 7: Load your smart contract {#load-your-smart-contract}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Load your smart contract {#load-your-smart-contract}
```

Now that we have a way to upload our NFT metadata to IPFS via our `pinJSONToIPFS` function, we're going to need a way to load an instance of our smart contract so we can call its `mintNFT` function.

As we mentioned earlier, in this tutorial we will be using [this existing NFT smart contract](https://ropsten.etherscan.io/address/0x4C4a07F737Bf57F6632B6CAB089B78f62385aCaE); however, if you'd like to learn how we made it, or make one yourself, we highly recommend you check out our other tutorial, ["How to Create an NFT."](https://docs.alchemyapi.io/alchemy/tutorials/how-to-create-an-nft).

> ### The contract ABI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The contract ABI {#contract-abi}
```

If you examined our files closely, you'll have noticed that in our `src` directory, there's a `contract-abi.json` file. An ABI is necessary for specifying which function a contract will invoke as well ensuring that the function will return data in the format you're expecting.

We're also going to need an Alchemy API key and the Alchemy Web3 API to connect to the Ethereum blockchain and load our smart contract.

### Create your Alchemy API key

If you don't already have an Alchemy account, [sign up for free here.](https://alchemy.com/?a=eth-org-nft-minter)

Once you’ve created an Alchemy account, you can generate an API key by creating an app. This will allow us to make requests to the Ropsten test network. 

Navigate to the “Create App” page in your Alchemy Dashboard by hovering over “Apps” in the nav bar and clicking “Create App”.

> Name your app \(we chose "My First NFT!"\), offer a short description, select “Staging” for the Environment \(used for your app bookkeeping\), and choose “Ropsten” for your network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name your app we chose "My First NFT!", offer a short description, select “Staging” for the Environment used for your app bookkeeping, and choose “Ropsten” for your network.
```

```javascript
require('dotenv').config();
const alchemyKey = process.env.REACT_APP_ALCHEMY_KEY;
const { createAlchemyWeb3 } = require("@alch/alchemy-web3");
const web3 = createAlchemyWeb3(alchemyKey); 
```

[Alchemy Web3](https://github.com/alchemyplatform/alchemy-web3) is a wrapper around [Web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.2.9/), providing enhanced API methods and other crucial benefits to make your life as a web3 developer easier. It is designed to require minimal configuration so you can start using it in your app right away!

Next, let's add our contract ABI and contract address to our file.

```javascript
require('dotenv').config();
const alchemyKey = process.env.REACT_APP_ALCHEMY_KEY;
const { createAlchemyWeb3 } = require("@alch/alchemy-web3");
const web3 = createAlchemyWeb3(alchemyKey); 

const contractABI = require('../contract-abi.json')
const contractAddress = "0x4C4a07F737Bf57F6632B6CAB089B78f62385aCaE";
```

Once we have both of those, we're ready to start coding our mint function!

> ## Step 8: Implement the mintNFT function {#step-8-implement-the-mintnft-function}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implement the mintNFT function {#implement-the-mintnft-function}
```

    //load smart contract
    window.contract = await new web3.eth.Contract(contractABI, contractAddress);//loadContract();

    //set up your Ethereum transaction
    const transactionParameters = {
        to: contractAddress, // Required except during contract publications.
        from: window.ethereum.selectedAddress, // must match user's active address.
        'data': window.contract.methods.mintNFT(window.ethereum.selectedAddress, tokenURI).encodeABI() //make call to NFT smart contract 
    };
  
    //sign transaction via Metamask
    try {
        const txHash = await window.ethereum
            .request({
                method: 'eth_sendTransaction',
                params: [transactionParameters],
            });
        return {
            success: true,
            status: "✅ Check out your transaction on Etherscan: https://ropsten.etherscan.io/tx/" + txHash
        }
    } catch (error) {
        return {
            success: false,
            status: "😥 Something went wrong: " + error.message
        }
    }
}
```

That's one giant function! Now, we just need to connect our `mintNFT` function to our `Minter.js` component...

> ## Step 9: Connect mintNFT to our Minter.js frontend {#connect-our-frontend}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect mintNFT to our Minter.js frontend {#connect-our-frontend}
```

Open up your `Minter.js` file and update the  `import { connectWallet, getCurrentWalletConnected } from "./utils/interact.js";` line at the top to be:

```javascript
 import { connectWallet, getCurrentWalletConnected, mintNFT } from "./utils/interact.js";
```

Finally, implement the `onMintPressed` function to make await call to your imported `mintNFT`function and update the `status` state variable to reflect whether our transaction succeeded or failed:

```javascript
const onMintPressed = async () => {
    const { status } = await mintNFT(url, name, description);
    setStatus(status);
};
```

> ## Step 10: Deploy your NFT to a live website {#deploy-your-NFT}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deploy your NFT to a live website {#deploy-your-NFT}
```

Ready to take your project live for users to interact with? Check out [this tutorial](https://docs.alchemy.com/alchemy/tutorials/nft-minter/how-do-i-deploy-nfts-online) for deploying your Minter to a live website.

One last step...

> ## Step 11: Take the blockchain world by storm {#take-the-blockchain-world-by-storm}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Take the blockchain world by storm {#take-the-blockchain-world-by-storm}
```

JK, you made it to the end of the tutorial! To recap, by building an NFT minter, you successfully learned how to:

* Connect to Metamask via your frontend project
* Call smart contract methods from your frontend
* Sign transactions using Metamask

Presumably, you'd like to be able to show off the NFTs minted via your dApp in your wallet — so be sure to check out our quick tutorial [How to View Your NFT in Your Wallet](https://docs.alchemyapi.io/alchemy/tutorials/how-to-write-and-deploy-a-nft-smart-contract/how-to-view-your-nft-in-your-wallet)!

> And, as always, if you have any questions, we're here to help in the [Alchemy Discord](https://discord.gg/gWuC7zB). We can't wait to see how you apply the concepts from this tutorial to your future projects!  🧙‍♂️

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And, as always, if you have any questions, we're here to help in the [Alchemy Discord](https://discord.gg/gWuC7zB). We can't wait to see how you apply the concepts from this tutorial to your future projects! 
```

> ## Bonus: Put your NFT Minter to work!
> 
> Ready to mint an NFT using your minter? Check out this [demo video](https://youtu.be/mmrO6_5-hRU)!
> 
> **NOTE:** The transactions sent through Metamask will use Metamask's default provider \(not necessarily your Alchemy endpoint\). If you'd like to send those transactions through Alchemy to unlock debugging tools and the [Alchemy Notify ](../../introduction/core-products/alchemy-notify.md)suite, check out [this guide](../../guides/connecting-metamask-to-alchemy.md) for connecting Metamask to Alchemy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Once you complete this tutorial, let us know how your experience was or if you have any feedback by tagging us on Twitter [@alchemyplatform](https://twitter.com/AlchemyPlatform)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* `minter-starter-files` contains the starter files \(essentially the React UI\) for this project. In this tutorial, **we will be working in this directory**, as you learn how to bring this UI to life by connecting it to your Ethereum wallet and an NFT smart contract.
* `nft-minter` contains the entire completed tutorial and is there for you as a **reference** **if you get stuck.**

Next open your copy of `minter-starter-files` in to your favorite code editor \(at Alchemy, we we're big fans of [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download)\), and then navigate into your `src` folder:

![We will work inside the &quot;src&quot; folder](https://static.slab.com/prod/uploads/7adb25ff/posts/images/RQXRr70mP174PjsKQI_jMKuq.png)

All of the code we'll write will live under the `src` folder. We'll be editing the `Minter.js` component and writing additional javascript files to give our project Web3 functionality.

## Step 2: Check out our starter files {#step-2-check-out-our-starter-files}

Before we start coding, it's important to check out what's already provided for us in the starter files.

> ### Get your react project running

Author: @minimalsm I don't need a header for a sub-bullet "Get your react project running" — I'm only using them for steps (e.g. Step 1, Step 2, etc.)
